>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
right now on line four,
were you saying friends at your party
called friends at your party plus one.
There's a bunch of ways to do this.
And I'm gonna show you all of them,
because you will see all of them.
There's kind of just
shorthand ways of doing that.
But I wanted to talk a second
about comments first.
So if I put slash slash,
this is some comment to my future self.
>> Brian Holt: This is the way that you
can document code, especially if you're
doing something that's not immediately
clear what you're doing, and
you want to let your future self know, to
have a shortcut to into your mindset, or
your co workers.
Comments are good way of doing that.
And the way you do that in
JavaScript is with slash slash.
And then whatever comes after the slash
slash until the end of the line,
will not be executed by
JavaScript religious be skipped.
Okay?
The called comments, the other way
you can do it is can do slash star,
and then everything will be
a comment until you do star slash.
So everything in here is a comment.
>> Brian Holt: The reason
why I tell you that is,
sometimes it is useful
to comment out code.
>> Brian Holt: So here I've commented this
code out by abusing the comment system,
and just say, hey, don't execute this
line, but I wanna leave it there for now.
So that's what this does.
You can just do slash slash space in
front of it, and you're good to go.